[Music]
ever since I was a little girl the one
thing that I wanted more than anything
in the entire world was a kiss please
God send me someone to make out with and
to kiss like this reachable hmm just
doing my part to save the rainforest and
one day I saw the one who I wanted to
kiss Sky Corrigan is that the prettiest
girl in all of st. Monica's all signs
point to ya
then hit me there was only one way I'd
ever get what I wanted I would have to
become exactly like those people in the
movies I would have to become a
superstar Paramount Pictures presents
an association with SNL studio
what are you doing with your hands so
nose and I get nervous I stick my
fingers better my arms and I smell like
that
[Music]
superstar I wouldn't say Super Start
anymore because some people might say
that you super suck this story up or
nobody don't listen to the names people
call you if you believe in yourself then
nobody can hurt you you are your own
rainbow wow that's really insightful who
dreamed of being somebody I smooth they
have this dance and wound up surprising
everybody this is everything I've ever
wanted
dreams can come true you know mom
Shannon is Mary Katherine Gallagher
[Applause]
higher and higher and higher
[Music]
you